Add Where's Waldo to the RISC0 examples (#40)
risc0/risc0-rust-examples: waldo/README.md

unrelated picture that includes Waldo.

### Merkleization

In the simplest approach, the guest program would simply hash the whole Where's Waldo image in
memory, then perform the crop and mask operations to cut out Waldo on that image. It would
commit the image hash and the cut out image to the journal. Unfortunately, hashing the whole
image, which we expect to be rather large, is cost prohibitive in the guest.

Because we only need access to a relatively small portion of the image to produce the cutout, a
viable approach is to split the image into a vector of small image chunks and use a Merkle tree to
commit to this vector. The zkVM guest can then ask the host for image chunks, and along with the
chunk the host can provide a Merkle path that proves the chunk is part of the committed image.

In the `waldo_core::merkle` module is implemented a wrapper on the `merkle_light` crate with support
for using the SHA256 guest circuit, and providing a `VectorOracle` abstraction. In the
`waldo_core::image` module is implemented a specific MerkleTree type for images, and an
`ImageOracle` type which can be used in the guest for image operations.

> Simmilar Merkle tree abtractions can be used to, for example, ensure a secret word is part of a

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
Similar Merkle tree abstractions can be used to, for example, ensure a secret word is part of a
```
